CLOUDP-179038 Add tags flag to atlas clusters create/update/upgrade (#1968)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/atlascli/command/atlas-clusters-update.txt

     - string
     - false
     - Hexadecimal string that identifies the project to use. This option overrides the settings in the configuration file or environment variable.
   * - --tag
     - stringToString
     - false

>      - Collection of key-value pairs that categorizes the cluster. Passing this flag replaces preexisting data. This value defaults to [].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - List that contains key-value pairs between 1 to 255 characters in length for tagging and categorizing the cluster. Passing this flag replaces preexisting data. This value defaults to [].
```
